hello youtube friends in this video les
I'm going to show you how to make a compass and
a map
good
let's start
as you see here it says compass and map or map
and compass that same thing
for the compass only four are needed
iron ingots and a correct sixth
neither
and for the paper the paper is necessary
so that the map of the compass which
paper and paper are nine many papers
but since they do not come out that way, I have to
use nine sugar cane
and here are the little sugar
I use here
33 for each one
there are no papers ready from there are already nine
papers that are voting for me
and that's what it takes to be the compass
I need iron ingot and the rest
they are put on the sides
surroundings in the normal center and the
piston in the center and there's the
compass
and now the map must be done
as old
See it
the compass that is to move one side and this
it also moves
had in hand
well now do the map I do not put 38
maps 8 papers to be maps and to sorcerer
in the center and ready
as you will see they say the population
now it's going to fill
the ego is up
and there the map is ready but as
He is being filled out no longer killed
cold if it does not go further with data
you do not realize
there there and everything when you want to go
only that you have done there
enemy map
well I hope you liked this video
it has served them well
in about the aic you comment that if you
liked the video